---
description: 'Hello! Welcome to my site! '
dateModified: '2016-08-18T13:13:51.036Z'
datePublished: '2016-08-18T13:14:04.856Z'
title: 'About me. '
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-08-18-about-me.md
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
# About me. 

Hello! Welcome to my site! 

First, let me introduce myself. My name is Lyn Cruz. Born in the Philippines, but migrated to Vancouver, BC when I was about 7 years old. I lived in Vancouver for about 14 years until I decided to move back to Manila. 

During my time in Vancouver, I had finished Elementary, High school and College. I took up Hospitality Management at the Vancouver Community College. College was such a memorable experience for me. Not only the courses I took, but also the different kind of people I met! Some courses I took include Restaurant Management - it was fun as we were able to run our own restaurant and set goals, pick managers, hosts, etc. I also took business courses such as Accounting, Management Principles, Economics, Behavioural Management and such. 

Before graduating, I applied at the Fairmont Vancouver Airport. Luckily, I was given the opportunity to become their new Royal Guest Service Agent. My role was to act as a Switchboard Operator/Concierge while keeping in mind the emergency procedure, if in any case something happens. After one year at being at the Fairmont, I had to resign as I had made plans to move back to the Philippines. 

December 1, 2014\. My official move to my home country. It was different, and still is. Until now, I'm still not used to speaking Tagalog, or getting around places. Though, I am having a great time here. I definitely don't regret the move. 

WILL UPDATE MORE SOON!